(single image => orientation is not a problem, zero length output taken care
of centrally!)

approximateField -- single Image
blankImage -- single Image
butterworthFilter -- single Image
butterworthFilterImage -- single Image
changeImageSpacing -- single Image
clusterThreshold-- single Image
computeCorrelation -- single Image
computeGLM -- single Image
computeROI -- tested
cropImage -- single Image
displacementField -- single Image
driftCorrectImage-- single Image
extractFrame-- single Image
extractSlice-- single Image
flipImage-- single Image
gradientImage -- single Image
individualizedParcellation  -- fixed
linearRegistration -- fixed
morphologyFilter-- single Image
nonlinearRegistration --fixed
normalizeImage-- single Image
prepareRegistration-- single Image
regressGlobal -- single Image
regressOut-- single Image
regressOutImage-- single Image
regularizeObjectmap-- single Image
resampleImage-- single Image
resliceImage-- single Image
seedCorrelation -- single image
segmentImage - single image
shiftScaleImage - single image
sliceBiasCorrect- single image
smoothImage - single image
thresholdImage - single image
